Defines a security scheme that can be used by the operations. Supported schemes are HTTP authentication, an API key (either as a header, a cookie parameter or as a query parameter), OAuth2's common flows (implicit, password, client credentials and authorization code) as defined in RFC6749, and OpenID Connect Discovery.

Field Name | Type | Applies To | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
type | string | Any | REQUIRED. The type of the security scheme. Valid values are "apiKey", "http", "oauth2", "openIdConnect".
description | string | Any | A short description for security scheme. CommonMark syntax MAY be used for rich text representation.
name | string | apiKey | REQUIRED. The name of the header, query or cookie parameter to be used.
in | string | apiKey | REQUIRED. The location of the API key. Valid values are "query", "header" or "cookie".
scheme | string | http | REQUIRED. The name of the HTTP Authorization scheme to be used in the Authorization header as defined in RFC7235. The values used SHOULD be registered in the IANA Authentication Scheme registry.
bearerFormat	 | string | http ("bearer") | A hint to the client to identify how the bearer token is formatted. Bearer tokens are usually generated by an authorization server, so this information is primarily for documentation purposes.
flows | OAuth Flows Object | oauth2 | REQUIRED. An object containing configuration information for the flow types supported.
openIdConnectUrl | string | openIdConnect | REQUIRED. OpenId Connect URL to discover OAuth2 configuration values. This MUST be in the form of a URL.


### OAuth Flows Object
Field Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
implicit | OAuth Flow Object | Configuration for the OAuth Implicit flow
password | OAuth Flow Object | Configuration for the OAuth Resource Owner Password flow
clientCredentials | OAuth Flow Object | Configuration for the OAuth Client Credentials flow. Previously called application in OpenAPI 2.0.
authorizationCode | OAuth Flow Object | Configuration for the OAuth Authorization Code flow. Previously called accessCode in OpenAPI 2.0.


### OAuth Flow Object
Field Name | Type | Applies To | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---
authorizationUrl | string | oauth2 ("implicit", "authorizationCode") | REQUIRED. The authorization URL to be used for this flow. This MUST be in the form of a URL.
tokenUrl | string | oauth2 ("password", "clientCredentials", "authorizationCode") | REQUIRED. The token URL to be used for this flow. This MUST be in the form of a URL.
refreshUrl | string | oauth2 | The URL to be used for obtaining refresh tokens. This MUST be in the form of a URL.
scopes | Map `[string, string]` | oauth2 | REQUIRED. The available scopes for the OAuth2 security scheme. A map between the scope name and a short description for it. The map MAY be empty.


Example:
```
{
  "type": "oauth2",
  "flows": {
    "implicit": {
      "authorizationUrl": "https://example.com/api/oauth/dialog",
      "scopes": {
        "write:pets": "modify pets in your account",
        "read:pets": "read your pets"
      }
    },
    "authorizationCode": {
      "authorizationUrl": "https://example.com/api/oauth/dialog",
      "tokenUrl": "https://example.com/api/oauth/token",
      "scopes": {
        "write:pets": "modify pets in your account",
        "read:pets": "read your pets"
      }
    }
  }
}

```
